the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .
factory orders for manufactured goods rose #.# percent in september , the commerce department said here thursday .
a us judge denied on tuesday a request for the extradition of former mexican deputy attorney general mario ruiz massieu to mexico where he is charged with a cover-up in his brother 's murder investigation .
the head of the russian-installed government in the breakaway republic of chechnya narrowly survived a bomb attack monday , the third assassination attempt against top russian officials in two months .
ministers from the european union and its mediterranean neighbors gathered here under heavy security on monday for an unprecedented conference on economic and political cooperation .
american time-trial specialist david zabriskie of team csc won the #.# km opening prologue of the dauphine libere here on sunday .
jason terry , hero of dallas ' game one national basketball association finals win over miami , may need off-season surgery on an injured thumb that he has been nursing for four months .
mauritania 's ruling military leaders have launched an electoral campaign in support of a constitutional referendum set for june ## , the official media announced friday .
like a conquering army , south korea are marching towards the knock-out stages of the #### world cup on their stomachs .
fbi agents have arrested at least seven people in miami who reportedly plotted to attack the chicago sears tower skyscraper , according to official statements and news reports .
china has executed five people who had been sentenced to death for drugs trafficking , state media reported on monday .
a controversial civilian nuclear energy deal between india and the united states cleared its first major hurdle tuesday , easily winning approval by a us congress committee .
palestinian prime minister ismail haniya insisted friday that his hamas-led government was continuing efforts to secure the release of an israeli soldier captured by militants .
the united states deported to bosnia on friday two bosnian serbs wanted by a local court on charges of genocide committed in the #### srebrenica massacre , an official said .
zairean president mobutu sese seko will stay at his french riviera residence until at least the middle of the week because of an increase in diplomatic activity , a mobutu aide said on sunday .
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback compared to its close friday of #.#### \/ ## .
the german government and red cross have decided to give ###,### dollars in humanitarian aid to victims of the earthquake which devastated UNK in northwest iran , the embassy here announced wednesday .
imf chief michel camdessus wednesday told india to prepare for a second wave of economic reforms to catch up with asian tigers .
six us tourists and their costa rican pilot cheated death friday when their twin-engine plane crashed into a wooded hillside outside costa rica 's capital , red cross officials said .
south korean union leaders on sunday threatened renewed strikes against new labor rules drafted by parliament to replace a controversial bill which sparked industrial unrest last december .
egyptian president hosni mubarak said sunday said he would ask us president bill clinton to `` use his influence '' to halt a controversial planned jewish settlement in east jerusalem .
diana , princess of wales , on monday visited a homeless emergency cold weather shelter in a notorious red light district in central london - but found her motives questioned by those whose cause she hoped to highlight .
a shiite moslem cleric living in iran has threatened to call for a holy war against the bahraini government if it sentences to death alleged iranian-backed militants .
president bill clinton admitted tuesday that the us-russia summit will be a `` tough '' one as he heads for a showdown with president boris yeltsin over his cherished role of expanding nato .
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which crashed tuesday in the north caucasus , killing the ## people on board , the ministry for emergencies said wednesday .
burma has put five cities on a security alert after religious unrest involving buddhists and moslems in the northern city of mandalay , an informed source said wednesday .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has proposed completing talks on the final status of palestinian territories in the next six months instead of the scheduled two years , according to israeli public television .
delta air lines will hold a press conference at #### gmt thursday to announce a major new aircraft purchase , the company said in a statement .
new research suggested saturday that ugly suspects with `` stereotypical criminal features '' are more likely to be found guilty than good - looking defendants .
embattled zairean president mobutu sese seko on monday `` took note '' of parliament 's decision last week to sack the government of prime minister kengo wa dondo , national radio said .
wednesday 's evening rubber prices in singapore cents per kilo provided by the singapore commodity exchange : UNK
the sudanese opposition said here thursday it had killed more than ### government soldiers in an ambush in the east of the country .
palestinian police beat an israeli photographer working for agence france-presse in the west bank city of hebron on sunday and confiscated his film during a palestinian protest .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu may be in washington next week and could meet with president bill clinton on the crumbling mideast peace process , the white house said monday .
syria and lebanon decided on monday to boost border controls and anti-terrorism coordination , as the two neighbors took a new step to strengthen ties since diplomatic relations were established .
russia 's defense industry has been badly hit by the global financial crisis , deputy prime minister sergei ivanov , a former defense minister , said tuesday .
grim overall economic and corporate news pushed global stocks into reverse on tuesday despite an unexpected beam of light for the german economy .
a chinese fishing boat with a ##-man crew has been hijacked by pirates off the coast of east africa and is being held in somalia , state media reported here on friday .
a french plane has arrived in mumbai that could help repatriate up to ### europeans from the indian metropolis that has come under attack from islamist extremists , the french foreign ministry said friday .
the european union is to take china to task at the un human rights commission over its policy , notably in tibet , after failing to win concessions from beijing , diplomats said monday .
two israelis were hurt in hezbollah rocket attacks on sunday , the most sustained day of cross-border strikes since a showdown erupted with the guerrillas in lebanon , the army said .
president bill clinton announced reforms of the central intelligence agency aimed at restoring credibility in an espionage agency tarnished by the discovery of a russian mole in its midst .
two drunken south african fans hurled racist abuse at the country 's rugby sevens coach after the team were eliminated from the weekend 's hong kong tournament , reports said tuesday .
turkish police have arrested two suspects believed to be behind a series bomb attacks last year at a popular southwestern resort that injured ## british tourists , the anatolia news agency reported friday .
the white house on thursday warned iran of possible new sanctions after the un nuclear watchdog reported that tehran had begun sensitive nuclear work at a key site in defiance of un resolutions .
turkmen president gurbanguly berdymukhammedov will begin a two-day visit to russia , his country 's main energy partner , on monday for trade talks , the kremlin press office said .
israeli police have found the olympic gold medal of windsurfer gal fridman that had been stolen , the athlete said saturday .
president aleksander kwasniewski said wednesday that the european union constitution `` is not dead , '' and reiterated that poland would wait to decide how to vote on the treaty until after this week 's eu summit .
it is a cast worthy of a political thriller : a former convict whose claims about a former president and first lady spurred a criminal investigation ; a prominent senator 's brother-in-law , who worked undercover for federal agents looking into the case ; sworn enemies of the former first family trying to dig up fresh dirt , and some hollywood stars .
colombian stocks rose for the first time in seven days , led by retailer UNK , amid optimism over the economy for #### .
attorney general janet reno made her debut wednesday as a barrister at the u.s. supreme court 's mahogany lectern where she argued before the justices on behalf of one of her favorite constituencies _ the cop on the beat .
in a broad preview of his second-term plans , president clinton promised wednesday to govern with the same centrist themes he used to win re-election .
prime minister vladimir putin of russia visited venezuela on friday to sign a series of military and oil agreements with president hugo chavez , who is seeking to expand ties with russia as a way of countering the influence of the united states in latin america .
democrats in georgia and alabama , borrowing an idea usually advanced by conservative republicans , are promoting bible classes in the public schools .
chinese vice-premier zhu rongji met here today with his belarus counterpart UNK UNK , and his party .
costa rica has ruled out the possibility of opening up its telecommunication sector in spite of pressure exerted by the united states , reports from guatemala city said wednesday .
ministerial officials attending the forum for economic and trade cooperation between china and portuguese-speaking countries , which opened here on sunday , dedicated the morning debate to three topics .
vietnam will start the construction of its first underground railway in the ho chi minh city in mid - #### with an investment of ### million us dollars .
israel 's air forces on monday launched a third missile strike on gaza city in less than four hours , palestinian witnesses said .
the common market for eastern and southern africa -lrb- comesa -rrb- is to set up the comesa common investment area -lrb- ccia -rrb- that will attract foreign investors and boost trade within the region .
european major stocks ended mainly lower for the second session in a row thursday as limp results and outlooks from sector bellwethers such as royal dutch\/shell and stmicroelectronics sent jitters through the market .
pakistani president pervez musharraf wednesday spoke highly of the sino-pak relations , saying that the relations between the two countries are always excellent , strategic and permanent .
vietnam imported nearly #.# billion u. s. dollars worth of machines , equipment and spare parts in the first ## months of this year , a year-on-year rise of ##.# percent , according to the country 's general statistics office on thursday .
zambia 's biggest mining company said it will spill out # billion u.s. dollars for its three-year expansion scheme , daily mail reported on friday .
a landslide in northwest china 's shaanxi province has trapped three people since saturday , the local government said on sunday .
a taiwanese fishing vessel , which has been captured off the somali coast in may and released early this month , arrived at mombasa port of kenya on wednesday .
overcrowding and lack of illumination at exit points at konkola stadium in UNK province of zambia were among the major lapses that led to a stampede resulting in the death of ## soccer fans after an africa cup qualifier between zambia and congo UNK on june # , this year , sports minister gabriel UNK told the parliament thursday .
china 's sun hui claimed gold in the women 's ##kg sanshou at the #th world wushu championships here on saturday .
between ##,### and ##,### people in vietnam die of diseases caused by smoking each year , according to local newspaper youth on monday .
u.s. construction spending dropped by #.# percent in february , the fifth straight monthly decline , as residential construction tumbled for a record ##th consecutive month , the commerce department reported tuesday .
bangladesh and india signed a deal here thursday giving green signal to resumption of passenger train service between the two neighboring countries after ## years .
u.s. president george w. bush on tuesday criticized congress for not acting on his proposals to deal with the rising cost of fuel and other necessities in a speech on u.s. economy .
cambodia 's fledgling insurance industry grew ## percent last year , despite global declines in the sector , national media reported wednesday .
vietnam is among the countries most vulnerable to the chronic hepatitis b virus with more than eight percent of vietnamese people contracting the virus , the local newspaper the youth reported tuesday .
new zealand women are having more children and the country 's birth rate reached its highest level in ## years , statistics new zealand said on wednesday .
the chinese mainland and taiwan will start two-way postal remittance services on thursday for the first time in ## years , fan liqing , spokeswoman of the state council taiwan affairs office said here wednesday .
china 's international travel agencies are making more profits as there are more chinese people going abroad and more overseas tourists coming to china , the china national tourism administration -lrb- cnta -rrb- said tuesday .
the gold price in hong kong remained unchanged to close at #,### hk dollars a tael wednesday , according to bank of china group .
chinese vice premier huang ju said here wednesday that worldwide engineers should cooperate with each other to contribute more to sustained development of the human society .
the sri lankan navy has taken into custody two indian fishing trawlers which were poaching sri lanka ' s northwestern coast and arrested ## indian fishermen on board , a local newspaper reported on wednesday .
cambodian leader hun sen on friday rejected opposition parties ' demands for talks outside the country , accusing them of trying to `` internationalize '' the political crisis .
cambodia 's ruling party responded tuesday to criticisms of its leader in the u.s. congress with a lengthy defense of strongman hun sen 's human rights record .
cambodia 's leading opposition party ruled out sharing the presidency of parliament with its arch foe saturday , insisting it alone must occupy the top position in the legislative body .
cambodian leader hun sen has guaranteed the safety and political freedom of all politicians , trying to ease the fears of his rivals that they will be arrested or killed if they return to the country .
king norodom sihanouk on tuesday praised agreements by cambodia 's top two political parties , previously bitter rivals , to form a coalition government led by strongman hun sen .
hurricane mitch cut through the honduran coast like a ripsaw thursday , its devastating winds whirling for a third day through resort islands and mainland communities .
a delegation of chilean legislators lobbying against the possible extradition of augusto pinochet to spain to face trial , warned thursday that chile was on the brink of political turmoil .
fbi agents this week began questioning relatives of the victims of the aug. # u.s. embassy bombing as well as the seriously injured on request of the u.s. attorney 's office for the southern district of new york , a u.s. official said thursday .
after an unusual , one-on-one chat tuesday night , the philippine and indonesian presidents were considering staying away from an asia-pacific summit in malaysia to protest the treatment of their jailed friend anwar ibrahim .
again bowing to chinese pressure , taiwan will send its chief economic planner to represent president lee teng-hui at november 's asian pacific economic cooperation forum summit in kuala lumpur , the foreign ministry said friday .
the agenda might be global , but the menu will be malaysian when world leaders meet next week for the asia-pacific economic cooperation forum .
a car rigged with explosives blew up friday morning in jerusalem 's mahane yehuda market packed with israelis shopping for the jewish sabbath , killing two people and wounding 21 .
congolese rebels have taken their two-month campaign to oust president laurent kabila to the internet , `` we have to explain to the world audience who we are and what we 're fighting for , '' rebel leader ernest wamba dia wamba said on friday .
a key witness in the government 's sexual misconduct case against malaysia 's former deputy prime minister remains determined to appeal his conviction , his attorney said monday .
lawyers for the prime minister 's former deputy , now his most prominent opponent , went to court thursday to demand their client 's release from indefinite detention .
among asia 's leaders , prime minister mahathir mohamad was notable as a man with a bold vision : a physical and social transformation that would push this nation into the forefront of world affairs .
with nato attacks said to be only days away , top u.s. envoy richard holbrooke delivered a last-minute warning monday to yugoslavia 's president to halt his crackdown on ethnic albanians in kosovo or face airstrikes .
china 's national soccer team could call back four players from overseas to boost its chances at the asian games in thailand in december , an official newspaper reported monday .
saudi arabia 's abrupt withdrawal from the asian games left organizers scrambling thursday to change schedules and thai diplomats mulling a decade of relations strained by jewel theft and the murder of diplomats .
saudi arabia is considering sending a small team to the bangkok asian games from which it pulled out unexpectedly this week , a saudi official said saturday .